Initial Docs (#64)
janus-idp/operator: README.md

# Backstage Operator

## The Goal

> The Goal of [Backstage](https://backstage.io) Operator project is creating Kubernetes Operator for configuring, installing and synchronizing Backstage instance on Kubernetes/OpenShift. 

Reviewer: I don't think we're targetting k8s, only openshift. IIRC the helmchart is for k8s (and openshift too) but the operator is ONLY for openshift. @jasperchui @christophe-f  am I correct here?

Author: @nickboldt the codebase is working and tested on both K8s AND Openshift.
This is the message for GitHub repository README.
We probably need to slightly change this message and we definitely need to add more information about openshift/operatorhub as soon as we have it, but technically it is the truth and I doubt it will be changed by the same reason as helm chart I guess (support of openshift == support of k8s + Route for this operator)

So, I'd definitely welcome improving the message from the marketing standpoint if it is the goal here but technically the current message it is relevant :)

Reviewer: I'll let @christophe-f weigh in from the PM side. I'm OK with *technically correct* docs, but we don't want to imply support that we won't actually do.

> Primary target is supporting Red Hat's assemblies of Backstage (specifically supporting [dynamic-plugins]()) on OpenShift, such as [Janus-IDP](https://janus-idp.io/) and RHDH but is flexible enough to install any correct Backstage instance (specific Kubernetes deployment with accompanying resources, see [Configuration](#))

Author: @rm3l 
>Where did you want this to link to?

I think to the dynamic-plugins documentation

> Primary target is supporting Red Hat's assemblies of Backstage (specifically supporting [dynamic-plugins]()) on OpenShift, such as [Janus-IDP](https://janus-idp.io/) and RHDH but is flexible enough to install any correct Backstage instance (specific Kubernetes deployment with accompanying resources, see [Configuration](#))

Reviewer: would that be https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-showcase/blob/main/showcase-docs/dynamic-plugins.md ?

```suggestion
Primary target is supporting Red Hat's assemblies of Backstage (specifically supporting [dynamic-plugins]()) on OpenShift, such as [Janus-IDP](https://janus-idp.io/) and RHDH but is flexible enough to install any correct Backstage instance (specific Kubernetes deployment with accompanying resources, see [Configuration](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-showcase/blob/main/showcase-docs/dynamic-plugins.md))
```

> Primary target is supporting Red Hat's assemblies of Backstage (specifically supporting [dynamic-plugins]()) on OpenShift, such as [Janus-IDP](https://janus-idp.io/) and RHDH but is flexible enough to install any correct Backstage instance (specific Kubernetes deployment with accompanying resources, see [Configuration](#))

Reviewer: As a general comment, if you reconfigure this as asciidoc instead of markdown, it'll be easier to downstream it to RHDH documentation. cc: @hmanwani-rh  @Gerry-Forde

[More documentation...](#More documentation)

## Getting Started
You’ll need a Kubernetes cluster to run against. You can use [Minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/) or [KIND](https://sigs.k8s.io/kind) to get a local cluster for testing, or run against a remote cluster.
**Note:** Your controller will automatically use the current context in your kubeconfig file (i.e. whatever cluster `kubectl cluster-info` shows).

To test it on minikube from the source code:

You need ready to use **kubectl** and **minikube** [tools](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/) as a prerequisite.

1.  Get your copy of Operator from GitHub: 
```sh
git clone https://github.com/janus-idp/operator
```
2. Deploy Operator on the minikube cluster:
```sh
cd <your-janus-idp-operator-project-dir>
make deploy
```
you can check if the Operator pod is up by running 
```sh
kubectl get pods -n backstage-system
It should be something like:
NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
backstage-controller-manager-cfc44bdfd-xzk8g   2/2     Running   0          32s
```
3. Create Backstage Custom resource on some namespace (make sure this namespace exists)
```sh

> kubectl -n <your-namespace> apply -f examples/bs1.yaml

Reviewer: why is `--namespace=backstage` a forced default and if I need to deploy to another namespace, how can I do that?

> kubectl -n <your-namespace> apply -f examples/bs1.yaml

Reviewer 2: > why is `--namespace=backstage` a forced default and if I need to deploy to another namespace, how can I do that?

Yes, that was also my point above. This file was our very first sample CR and hasn't changed since.
We'll need to remove the namespace from it: https://github.com/janus-idp/operator/blob/main/examples/bs1.yaml#L5

> kubectl -n <your-namespace> apply -f examples/bs1.yaml

Author: fixed

# Backstage Operator

## The Goal

> The Goal of [Backstage](https://backstage.io) Operator project is creating Kubernetes Operator for configuring, installing and synchronizing Backstage instance on Kubernetes/OpenShift. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Goal of this project is to create an [OperatorSDK](https://sdk.operatorframework.io/) / [OLM](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/operators/understanding/olm/olm-understanding-olm.html) compliant operator for deploying Backstage instances to a Kubernetes cluster.
```

Author: As discussed, OLM is good to have upstream but not the goal.

> Primary target is supporting Red Hat's assemblies of Backstage (specifically supporting [dynamic-plugins](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-showcase/blob/main/showcase-docs/dynamic-plugins.md)) on OpenShift, such as [Janus-IDP](https://janus-idp.io/) and [Red Hat Developer Hub (RHDH)](https://developers.redhat.com/rhdh) but is flexible enough to install any correct Backstage instance (specific Kubernetes deployment with accompanying resources, see [Configuration](docs/configuration.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial target is in support of Red Hat's assemblies of Backstage - specifically supporting [dynamic-plugins](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-showcase/blob/main/showcase-docs/dynamic-plugins.md)) on OpenShift. This includes [Janus-IDP](https://janus-idp.io/) and [Red Hat Developer Hub (RHDH)](https://developers.redhat.com/rhdh) but may be flexible enough to install any compatible Backstage instance on Kubernetes. See additional information under [Configuration](docs/configuration.md)).
```

> The Operator should provide clear and flexible configuration options to satisfy wide range of expectations: from "default (no)configuration for quick start" to "higly customized configuration for production".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Operator provides clear and flexible configuration options to satisfy a wide range of expectations, from "no  configuration for default quick start" to "highly customized configuration for production".
```

[More documentation...](#more-documentation)

## Getting Started

> You’ll need a Kubernetes cluster to run against. You can use [Minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/) or [KIND](https://sigs.k8s.io/kind) to get a local cluster for testing, or run against a remote cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You’ll need a Kubernetes or OpenShift cluster. You can use [Minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/) or [KIND](https://sigs.k8s.io/kind) for local testing, or deploy to a remote cluster.
```

**Note:** Your controller will automatically use the current context in your kubeconfig file (i.e. whatever cluster `kubectl cluster-info` shows).

To test it on minikube from the source code:

> You need ready to use **kubectl** and **minikube** [tools](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/) as a prerequisite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both **kubectl** and **minikube** must be installed. See [tools](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/).
```
